#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass acmart
\begin_preamble
% For algorithm2e
\renewcommand{\algorithmcfname}{ALGORITHM}
\SetAlFnt{\small}
\SetAlCapFnt{\small}
\SetAlCapNameFnt{\small}
\SetAlCapHSkip{0pt}
\IncMargin{-\parindent}
\end_preamble
\options format=acmsmall, review=false, screen=true
\use_default_options false
\begin_modules
InStar
algorithm2e
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\begin_local_layout
Format 60
PackageOptions algorithm2e ruled
\end_local_layout
\language english
\language_package auto
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Example ACM Article
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Goetz Botterweck
\end_layout

\begin_layout ORCID
1234-5678-9012-3456
\end_layout

\begin_layout Affiliation
\begin_inset Flex Institution
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Lero, University of Limerick
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Flex City
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Limerick
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Flex Country
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Ireland
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Abstract here.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Verification and Testing of SPLs
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Thüm, T., Apel, S., Kästner, C., Schaefer, I.
 and Saake, G., 2014.
 A classification and survey of analysis strategies for software product
 lines.
 ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 47(1), p.6.
 
\series bold
279 citations.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\series default
Provides a taxonomy of software product line analysis, also covering including
 123 articles.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Testing of SPLEs
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Neto, P.A.D.M.S., do Carmo Machado, I., McGregor, J.D., De Almeida, E.S.
 and de Lemos Meira, S.R., 2011.
 A systematic mapping study of software product lines testing.
 Information and Software Technology, 53(5), pp.407-423.
 
\series bold
200 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lee, J., Kang, S.
 and Lee, D., 2012, September.
 A survey on software product line testing.
 In Proceedings of the 16th International Software Product Line Conference-Volum
e 1 (pp.
 31-40).
 ACM.
 
\series bold
73 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
do Carmo Machado, I., Mcgregor, J.D., Cavalcanti, Y.C.
 and De Almeida, E.S., 2014.
 On strategies for testing software product lines: A systematic literature
 review.
 Information and Software Technology, 56(10), pp.1183-1199.
 
\series bold
62 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
do Carmo Machado, I., McGregor, J.D.
 and Santana de Almeida, E., 2012.
 Strategies for testing products in software product lines.
 ACM SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes, 37(6), pp.1-8.
 
\series bold
49 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Search-based SE in SPLE
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lopez-Herrejon, R.E., Linsbauer, L.
 and Egyed, A., 2015.
 A systematic mapping study of search-based software engineering for software
 product lines.
 Information and software technology, 61, pp.33-51.
 
\series bold
58 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harman, M., Jia, Y., Krinke, J., Langdon, W.B., Petke, J.
 and Zhang, Y., 2014, September.
 Search based software engineering for software product line engineering:
 a survey and directions for future work.
 In Proceedings of the 18th International Software Product Line Conference-Volum
e 1 (pp.
 5-18).
 ACM.
 
\series bold
103 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Optimisation of Testing
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Al-Hajjaji, M., Thüm, T., Meinicke, J., Lochau, M.
 and Saake, G., 2014, September.
 Similarity-based prioritization in software product-line testing.
 In Proceedings of the 18th International Software Product Line Conference-Volum
e 1 (pp.
 197-206).
 ACM.
 
\series bold
70 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Trustworthiness of Software
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Immonen, A.
 and Palviainen, M., 2007, October.
 Trustworthiness evaluation and testing of open source components.
 In Seventh International Conference on Quality Software (QSIC 2007) (pp.
 316-321).
 IEEE.
 
\series bold
46 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Configuration / Sampling
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Medeiros, F., Kästner, C., Ribeiro, M., Gheyi, R.
 and Apel, S., 2016, May.
 A comparison of 10 sampling algorithms for configurable systems.
 In Proceedings of the 38th International Conference on Software Engineering
 (pp.
 643-654).
 ACM.
 
\series bold
67 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nadi S, Berger T, Kästner C, Czarnecki K.
 Where do configuration constraints stem from? an extraction approach and
 an empirical study.
 IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering.
 2015 Aug 1;41(8):820-41.
 
\series bold
48 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Meinicke, J., Wong, C.P., Kästner, C., Thüm, T.
 and Saake, G., 2016, August.
 On essential configuration complexity: measuring interactions in highly-configu
rable systems.
 In Proceedings of the 31st IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated
 Software Engineering (pp.
 483-494).
 ACM.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Al-Hajjaji, M., Krieter, S., Thüm, T., Lochau, M.
 and Saake, G., 2016, October.
 IncLing: efficient product-line testing using incremental pairwise sampling.
 In ACM SIGPLAN Notices (Vol.
 52, No.
 3, pp.
 144-155).
 ACM.
 
\series bold
45 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Empirical Data on Product Lines (esp.
 Problems and Bugs)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Abal, I., Brabrand, C.
 and Wasowski, A., 2014, September.
 42 variability bugs in the linux kernel: a qualitative analysis.
 In Proceedings of the 29th ACM/IEEE international conference on Automated
 software engineering (pp.
 421-432).
 ACM.
 
\series bold
90 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Continous Software Engineering
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Fitzgerald, B.
 and Stol, K.J., 2017.
 Continuous software engineering: A roadmap and agenda.
 Journal of Systems and Software, 123, pp.176-189.
 
\series bold
216 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rodríguez, P., Haghighatkhah, A., Lwakatare, L.E., Teppola, S., Suomalainen,
 T., Eskeli, J., Karvonen, T., Kuvaja, P., Verner, J.M.
 and Oivo, M., 2017.
 Continuous deployment of software intensive products and services: A systematic
 mapping study.
 Journal of Systems and Software, 123, pp.263-291.
 
\series bold
106 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jabbari, R., bin Ali, N., Petersen, K.
 and Tanveer, B., 2016, May.
 What is devops?: A systematic mapping study on definitions and practices.
 In Proceedings of the Scientific Workshop Proceedings of XP2016 (p.
 12).
 ACM.
 
\series bold
56 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Shahin, M., Babar, M.A.
 and Zhu, L., 2017.
 Continuous integration, delivery and deployment: a systematic review on
 approaches, tools, challenges and practices.
 IEEE Access, 5, pp.3909-3943.
 
\series bold
77 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Experimentation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lindgren, E.
 and Münch, J., 2016.
 Raising the odds of success: the current state of experimentation in product
 development.
 Information and Software Technology, 77, pp.80-91.
 
\series bold
41 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Schermann, G., Cito, J., Leitner, P., Zdun, U.
 and Gall, H.C., 2018.
 We’re doing it live: A multi-method empirical study on continuous experimentati
on.
 Information and Software Technology, 99, pp.41-57.
 
\series bold
22 citations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Schermann, G., Cito, J.
 and Leitner, P., 2018.
 Continuous experimentation: challenges, implementation techniques, and
 current research.
 IEEE Software, 35(2), pp.26-31.
 
\series bold
13 citations.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
